feat(aws-backup): Add arn attribute and grant method to backup vault (#14997)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-backup/README.md

rule level.

```ts
const plan2 = backup.BackupPlan.daily35DayRetention(this, 'Plan', myVault); // Use `myVault` for all plan rules
plan2.addRule(backup.BackupPlanRule.monthly1Year(otherVault)); // Use `otherVault` for this specific rule
```

## Backup vault

In AWS Backup, a *backup vault* is a container that you organize your backups in. You can use backup vaults to set the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption key that is used to encrypt backups in the backup vault and to control access to the backups in the backup vault. If you require different encryption keys or access policies for different groups of backups, you can optionally create multiple backup vaults.

```ts
const vault = new backup.BackupVault(this, 'Vault', {
  encryptionKey: myKey, // Custom encryption key
  notificationTopic: myTopic, // Send all vault events to this SNS topic
});
```

A vault has a default `RemovalPolicy` set to `RETAIN`. Note that removing a vault
that contains recovery points will fail.

## Importing existing backup vault

To import an existing backup vault into your CDK application, use the `BackupVault.fromBackupVaultArn` or `BackupVault.fromBackupVaultName` 

> static method. Here is an example of giving a Lambda function permission to start a backup job:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
static method. Here is an example of giving a IAM role permission to start a backup job:
```

A vault has a default `RemovalPolicy` set to `RETAIN`. Note that removing a vault
that contains recovery points will fail.

## Importing existing backup vault

To import an existing backup vault into your CDK application, use the `BackupVault.fromBackupVaultArn` or `BackupVault.fromBackupVaultName` 

> factory method. Here is an example of giving a lambda role permission to start a backup job:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
static method. Here is an example of giving a Lambda function permission to start a backup job:
```

```ts
import * as lambda from '@aws-cdk/aws-lambda';
import { Stack } from '@aws-cdk/core';

> let stack = new Stack();

Reviewer: I appreciate the complete example here, but you can just use `this` as the scope. If you'd like to ensure compilation, please create a [default fixture](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#rosetta) that sets up a stack

## Importing existing backup vault

To import an existing backup vault into your CDK application, use the `BackupVault.fromBackupVaultArn` or `BackupVault.fromBackupVaultName` 
static method. Here is an example of giving a Lambda function permission to start a backup job:

```ts

const importedVault = backup.BackupVault.fromBackupVaultName(this, 'Vault', 'myVaultName');

> importedVault.grant(fn, 'backup:StartBackupJob');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const role = new iam.Role(this, 'Access Role', { assumedBy: new iam.ServicePrincipal('lambda.amazonaws.com') });
importedVault.grant(role, 'backup:StartBackupJob');
```
